so they have today we talked about when
you are to be in English and is used to
show status occupation or position of
somebody or something for example how
pan con unbrick it means he or she is
English example to help and crew means
he or she is a teacher example 3 we've
been brought the tan means this is my
car so we use them to show status
occupation of position so next one is
you you is used to show a location of
somebody or something example 1 how you
feel hungry it means he or she is at the
school example 2 not you teba means the
car is at the house so we use you to
show a location now we talk about cool
cool is used to show somebody or
something in general example 1 me who
could John means this is mr. John
example to me qu ran a haunt I it means
this is a thai restaurant okay thank you